Explosiooooon!
Cough, cough, cough
Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Man, everyone...
Explosiooooon!
Did you notice something?
For those that understood
You're very perceptive
That's right!
In April, started...
...Hiragana Oshi’s explosion!
...Of Hiragana Oshi!
The explosion!
Man...
...Hiragana Keyaki showed their allure, right?
They have some great masters of ceremony
They have some great masters of ceremony in the program
They have some great masters of ceremony in the program!
I'm also a great master of ceremony, but...
...I’ll give the honor to Audrey-san
(Audrey is a comic Japanese duo)
In Hiragana Oshi’s program...
...I wouldn't mind being a guest...
I want to appear!!
Someone as adorable as me...
...Doing a collab with the always adorable Hiragana Keyaki
Definitely...!
...The TV ratings would increase! Don't you think?
That’s right, they’d go up
It's because of that, that in this occasion
Thinking of TV Tokyo
Thinking of TV Tokyo!
In regards to Hiragana Keyaki, Keyakizaka...!!
I love theeeeem!
And I should demonstrate it
In this occasion...
...I’ll be doing something similar to what Kasuga-san of the comic duo Audrey did during the program...
I plan to do a profile introduction!!
And well, I’ll change a bit of the way it's done
Taking a name of a Keyaki-chan member...
...From the Random Word Generator...
...And that girl...
...For those that still don't know Hiragana Keyaki...
...I plan to introduce them to you...
...Briefly in a few words
I’d definitely would’ve liked to introduce all of them, but...
...For those that aren't so interested...
...It might be a bit too long, so then...
...I’ll choose one at random...
...And I, without mattering who it is about...
...In a perfect way...
...I plan to demonstrate how I can introduce them in a perfect way...
I plan to demonstrate my skill of doing introductions!
In that case, let's start at once!
A.I.Channeeeeeeel!
Here I go!
Jaka, jaka, jaka...
JHAN!
Oh!
In that case...
...Here I go
"I’m Saito Kyoko and I love ramen"
Good, in that case, it’s about Saito Kyoko-chan!
You know, Kyoko-chan...
...Is nicknamed "Kyonko"...
...And she loves ramen
She has a great voice
But...
...She seems very timid...
...And she's adorable
Her specialty is the babigo
(Fictional language similar to jargon in which the syllables ba, bi, bu, be, bo are added to the words)
Permit me to also do a demonstration of babigo
A-ba-DO-ba-RA-bi-BLE-bi
YAY!
Next up...
Jaka, jaka...
Jajajhan!
Iguchi Mao-chan
Here I go
She’s the oldest member of Hiragana Keyaki
She's the Unpredictable black hole idol
(Mao-chan says her stomach is like a black hole with how much she eats)
Oh! Isn't this delicious?
Man, you know, Iguchi-chan...
...Has a strong impact upon seeing her for the first time
And the more you learn about her...
...They have the biggest strength...
...And for now, they make sure to keep going forward without stopping
I recommend her
I’ll keep introducing more!
Jaka, jaka, jaka...!
JAJAJHAN!
Kage-chan!
Kageyama Yuuka-chan
She's a smartly hidden partygoer!
♪ Let's go up! The Summer that you were in ♪
Kageyama-chan is...
...Really talented...
...And she's very intelligent
She's as intelligent as me!
And...
...For now...
...Her smile is super adorable
I recommend her, please
Jan, jaka, jaka, jaka...
JAJAJHAN!
Kakizaki Memi-chan
She’s the youngest member of Hiragana Keyaki
She’s an actress from the academy of the future!
Well, you know...
...She has a baby face...
...And she's tsundere...
...She's adorable!
The drama of Keyakizaka46 called Re:Mind...
Please watch it!
So then you can comprehend why she’s an actress of the academy of the future
She’s adorable
Jan, jaka, jaka, jaka...!
JAJAJHAAAN!
Ushio Sarina-chan
Her nickname is Sarimakashi and she can speak Indonesian
Well, you know...
...Sarina-chan is...
...Adorable...
...She's very humble
Well, when she goes "Ha ha"...
You can feel a sense of femininity
Someday, I also...
...I’d like to hear a lullaby...
...At her side...
...A day where I can't fall asleep
Jaka, jaka, jaka, jaka...
JHUAN!
Oh!
Kato Shiho-chan
Her cap is adorable!
Toshi-chan is the best!
You know, Katoshi is...
Toshi-chan is...
...The best
She's the best
It’s rather important because of that, that I had to say it twice
She's the best!
That was the third time
Man!
What do you think?
My love for Hiragana Keyaki...
My love for Keyakizaka!
I was able to transmit it to you guys, right?
Probably, even the second generation...
...Even Kanji Keyaki...
...I have plenty of confidence that I can introduce them at random!
At any moment...
...I’ll be waiting for a job for a part of Kanji Keyaki or Hiragana Keyaki
I’ll be waiting for you!
It’d be a pleasure to work with you guys!
And also, for those that think you're tired of jokes regarding Keyakizaka
You're very perceptive
But...
...I want to talk about things that I like, so then...
...From time to time, let me talk about what I like every so often
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Looking for translators! JP to EN/ES
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex and Myriadcandles